# Menu recommendation app
Hello guys, I present very simple cooking application I initially did for my personal purposes but decided to post it also on github. I always had big big troubles with choosing weekly menu. Almost every friday I spent few hours searching through hundreds of recipes in oder to find "perfectly balanced, entertaining and healthy menu". And then I came up with idea of creating app that can help me resolve the problem and automate this part of my life.<br />
<br />
So, the idea is pretty straightforward. First we need to get recipes list, I created database from my, let's say, "verfied" recipes. Of course you can add your recipes in the app. The database store basic informations such as dish name, addons or number of servings. Based on this informations, I created an algorithm responsible for selecting the menu. For my needs I defined 2 restrictions 1. at least 1 dish per week need to be vegetarian, 2. every dish need to have different addons (what I mean is when there is pasta on monday, rest of the week there are no pasta recipes). Moreover recipes are selected according to probabilities. For example, if pizza was lastly made 3 months ago and spaghetti was made 2 weeks ago, then there is higher probability that pizza will be selected. Finally, we got automation part of the project. Every time you go to the app and confirm weekly menu, an email notifiacation will be automatically sent with list of dishes and links to the recipes.<br />
<br />
Keep in mind that primary goal of this application is functionality and simplicity. I am aware that graphic layer might be suboptimal and there is much to do in that area.<br />